Cheat Sheet Poster (#326)
datacarpentry/image-processing: instructors/instructor-notes.md

- Be aware that learners might get surprising results in the *Keeping only low intensity pixels* exercise, if `plt.imshow` is called without the `vmax` parameter.
  A detailed explanation is given in the *Plotting single channel images (cmap, vmin, vmax)* callout box.

## Additional resources

> - A cheat-sheet with graphics for some fundamentals of this course is available [here](../episodes/files/cheatsheet.html). A printable PDF version is [also available](../episodes/files/cheatsheet.pdf)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A cheat-sheet with graphics illustrating some concepts in this lesson is available:
    - [Cheat-sheet HTML for viewing in browser](../episodes/files/cheatsheet.html). 
    - [PDF version for printing](../episodes/files/cheatsheet.pdf).
```

Adjusting wording to make the links more friendly to screen-reader users.
